hey whats up youtube this is JB today I
received a package in the mail from poly
aka dog and my lands from YouTube by the
way visitor channel it's very very nice
she does amazing videos and she has a
lot of games particularly dansgame she
has a lot behind occur you can see all
our games and recently she made a lot of
videos about their collection so
definitely you have to check this out
i'll post a link to her channel on the
sidebar and let's open this i'm at a
train with her because i made a great
video and she answered to it and
basically made a trade and I shifter the
games we created and I put the extra
games in it I hope she'll enjoy the
package so let me show you guys why I
got from the trade first game this
pirates looks like an import game yeah
european version and it's complete
pretty excited about this game next up
kingdom hearts 358 2 days this game i
was about to buy it and don't forget and
trade so i'm pretty happy about this
obviously it's complete and in very good
shape looks like a very good RPG I own
the two Kingdom arts on the PlayStation
2 so this is a good as addition for my
ass collection and finally we got lost
magic which is supposedly a nice RPG for
TDs she told me so I'm looking forward
to play data as well and is complete and
very good condition as well so thanks a
lot Polly and the shipping was very very
fast apt to say so I thanks a lot and
i'm looking forward to play all those
games and this is my first employee
parrots
looks nice the bucs place anyways they
saw me and everyone go visit their
channel it's very nice thanks for
watching and stay tuned